about.markdown, before:

---
layout: default
title: About Varun
permalink: /about
---

# Interests
1. Startup Investment - see [{{ site.investments.syndicate_name }}](/investments)
    1. AgTech
    2. EdTech
    3. CleanTech
    4. Sustainability, Conservation
    5. Mass Transport
    6. Inclusivity
   
   For companies that I have invested in, see [Companies backed](/companies-backed)
   
   For firms that I am an Investing Partner in, see [Partners/ VC Firms](/investment-partners.md)
2. Mentoring, Teaching
3. Photography
    - [My Flickr](https://flickr.com/people/waterlord/)
4. Beer
    1. Drinking
    2. Brewery investment
    3. Brewing
5. Languages
    1. [Telugu]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.telugu }})
    2. [Marathi]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.marathi }})
    3. [Hindi]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.hindi }})
    4. [English]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.english }})
    5. [Kannada]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.kannada }})
    6. [Spanish]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.spanish }})
    7. [Mandarin]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.mandarin }})
6. Traveling, Adventures

# Handles/accounts
[Github](https://www.github.com/{{ site.github_username }})

[Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/{{ site.twitter_username }})

[LinkedIn]({{ site.linkedin_url }})

[Medium]({{ site.medium_url }})

# Meet me
<!-- Sprintful inline widget begin -->
<div class="sprintful-inline-widget" data-url="https://on.sprintful.com/vt" style="min-width:320px;height:630px;background-color:#DDFBFC;"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://app.sprintful.com/widget/v1.js"></script>
<!-- Sprintful inline widget end -->

Commit message:

Page on personal and upcoming ventures

about.markdown, after:

---
layout: default
title: About Varun
permalink: /about
---

# Interests
1. Startup Investment - see [{{ site.investments.syndicate_name }}](/investments)
    1. AgTech
    2. EdTech
    3. CleanTech
    4. Sustainability, Conservation
    5. Mass Transport
    6. Inclusivity
   
   For companies that I have invested in, see [Companies backed](/companies-backed)
   
   For firms that I am an Investing Partner in, see [Partners/ VC Firms](/investment-partners)
2. See where my mind is at currently [Upcoming ventures](/personal-ventures)
3. Mentoring, Teaching
4. Photography
    - [My Flickr](https://flickr.com/people/waterlord/)
5. Beer
    1. Drinking
    2. Brewery investment
    3. Brewing
6. Languages
    1. [Telugu]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.telugu }})
    2. [Marathi]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.marathi }})
    3. [Hindi]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.hindi }})
    4. [English]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.english }})
    5. [Kannada]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.kannada }})
    6. [Spanish]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.spanish }})
    7. [Mandarin]({{ site.languages.wiki_base_url }}{{ site.languages.mandarin }})
7. Traveling, Adventures

# Handles/accounts
[Github](https://www.github.com/{{ site.github_username }})

[Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/{{ site.twitter_username }})

[LinkedIn]({{ site.linkedin_url }})

[Medium]({{ site.medium_url }})

# Meet me
<!-- Sprintful inline widget begin -->
<div class="sprintful-inline-widget" data-url="https://on.sprintful.com/vt" style="min-width:320px;height:630px;background-color:#DDFBFC;"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://app.sprintful.com/widget/v1.js"></script>
<!-- Sprintful inline widget end -->
