companies-backed.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Portfolio Companies
permalink: /companies-backed
---

# Investments by category

## AgTech

## CleanTech

## EdTech
### Patchr

### B4Grad

### Language Learning Market
Marketplace for various ways to learn and teach languages

[Language Learning Market]({{site.investments.personal.companies.languagelearning.site}})

Follow them on [LinkedIn]({{site.social.linkedin}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.languagelearning.linkedin}})

## Inclusivity
### Psyonic
Robotic hand with haptic touch, strength and sensitivity

[Psyonic]({{site.investments.personal.companies.psyonic.site}})

See some of their cool videos [here]({{site.social.youtube}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.psyonic.youtube}})

Follow them on [Twitter]({{site.social.twitter}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.psyonic.twitter}})

### AccessibleGo
Travel site for differently abled individuals

[AccessibleGo]({{site.investments.personal.companies.accessiblego.site}})

Check out their warm testimonials [here](https://go.accessiblego.com/thank-you-wall)

Follow them on [Twitter]({{site.social.twitter}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.accessiblego.twitter}})

### Cricflex

## Mass Transport/Logistics

## Sustainability, Conservation
    

# Meet me
<!-- Sprintful inline widget begin -->
<div class="sprintful-inline-widget" data-url="https://on.sprintful.com/vt" style="min-width:320px;height:630px;background-color:#DDFBFC;"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://app.sprintful.com/widget/v1.js"></script>
<!-- Sprintful inline widget end -->

Commit message:

Fixed links, added Patchr link, sorted companies alphabetically

companies-backed.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Portfolio Companies
permalink: /companies-backed
---

# Investments by category

## AgTech

## CleanTech

## EdTech
### Patchr
Teaching Electronics, PCB design and fabrication so these can be made in USA

[Patchr]({{site.investments.personal.companies.patchr.site}})

### B4Grad

### Language Learning Market
Marketplace for various ways to learn and teach languages

[Language Learning Market]({{site.investments.personal.companies.languagelearning.site}})

Follow them on [LinkedIn]({{site.social.linkedin}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.languagelearning.linkedin}})

## Inclusivity
### Psyonic
Robotic hand with haptic touch, strength and sensitivity

[Psyonic]({{site.investments.personal.companies.psyonic.site}})

See some of their cool videos [here]({{site.social.youtube}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.psyonic.youtube}})

Follow them on [Twitter]({{site.social.twitter}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.psyonic.twitter}})

### AccessibleGo
Travel site for differently abled individuals

[AccessibleGo]({{site.investments.personal.companies.accessiblego.site}})

Check out their warm testimonials [here](https://go.accessiblego.com/thank-you-wall)

Follow them on [Twitter]({{site.social.twitter}}{{site.investments.personal.companies.accessiblego.twitter}})

### Cricflex

## Mass Transport/Logistics

## Sustainability, Conservation
    

# Meet me
<!-- Sprintful inline widget begin -->
<div class="sprintful-inline-widget" data-url="https://on.sprintful.com/vt" style="min-width:320px;height:630px;background-color:#DDFBFC;"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://app.sprintful.com/widget/v1.js"></script>
<!-- Sprintful inline widget end -->
