investments.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
permalink: /investments
title: Varun's Investment Thesis
---

# Investment Thesis
We're passionate about the following industries/sectors
- AgTech
- Clean Energy, CleanTech
- Food waste/Waste management
- EdTech
- FemTech, Inclusivity-based Tech
- Mass Transport/Logistics
- Sustainability

## Syndicate

![Chaanakya](docs/images/chanakya.svg)

{{ site.investments.syndicate_name }} is a syndicate that aims to invest in early stage companies (often seeking seed/angel round money) in the above mentioned spaces. We care as much for promise and stellar performance as for underdogs and unsung heroes who have the fire in their bellies to succeed!

Currently we operate using the platform of AngelList Invest. If you want to make a positive difference to our world, come! Back us here - [{{ site.investments.syndicate_name }}]({{ site.investments.syndicate_url }})

## Got ideas? Pitches?
<!-- Sprintful inline widget begin -->
<div class="sprintful-inline-widget" data-url="https://on.sprintful.com/vt" style="min-width:320px;height:630px;background-color:#DDFBFC;"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://app.sprintful.com/widget/v1.js"></script>
<!-- Sprintful inline widget end -->

Commit message:

Page about VC firms that I am a parter with

investments.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
permalink: /investments
title: Varun's Investment Thesis
---

# Investment Thesis
We're passionate about the following industries/sectors
- AgTech
- Clean Energy, CleanTech
- Food waste/Waste management
- EdTech
- FemTech, Inclusivity-based Tech
- Mass Transport/Logistics
- Sustainability

## Syndicate

![Chaanakya](docs/images/chanakya.svg)

{{ site.investments.syndicate_name }} is a syndicate that aims to invest in early stage companies (often seeking seed/angel round money) in the above mentioned spaces. We care as much for promise and stellar performance as for underdogs and unsung heroes who have the fire in their bellies to succeed!

Currently we operate using the platform of AngelList Invest. If you want to make a positive difference to our world, come! Back us here - [{{ site.investments.syndicate_name }}]({{ site.investments.syndicate_url }})

## Personal investments

From time to time I like to look at companies and cofounders with fire in their bellies, to change the world for good! See this [page](/investments.md) for more on those investments.

## VC firm partners

I am an investing partner (LP) as well. See [this](/investment-partners.md) for more on that.


## Got ideas? Pitches?
<!-- Sprintful inline widget begin -->
<div class="sprintful-inline-widget" data-url="https://on.sprintful.com/vt" style="min-width:320px;height:630px;background-color:#DDFBFC;"></div>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://app.sprintful.com/widget/v1.js"></script>
<!-- Sprintful inline widget end -->
